Add k8s slack channels for community comms (#5195)
k0sproject/k0s: docs/contributors/index.md

[Medium][k0s@medium]. If you are not yet following us, we'd like to invite you
to do so now! Make sure to [follow us on X][@k0sproject] as well 😊

> The main community communication channel is on [Kubernetes Slack][k8s Slack]. There you'll find like-minded people and reach out for assistance and discussions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main channel for community communication is hosted on [Kubernetes Slack][k8s
Slack]. That's where you'll find like-minded people to reach out to for help
and discussion.
```
